Add Fusion version pinning info to Fusion config scope (#5294)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/config.md

: The maximum size of the local cache used by the Fusion client.

`fusion.containerConfigUrl`

> : The URL from where the container layer provisioning the Fusion client is downloaded. Use this option to pin a specific Fusion version to use with Nextflow. For example, set `https://fusionfs.seqera.io/releases/v2.4.2-amd64.json` to use Fusion v2.4.2 for AMD64 CPU architectures. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The URL from where the container layer provisioning the Fusion client is downloaded. This option is useful to specify a development Fusion version for debugging purposes. 
```

The use of a non default Fusion version can lead to incompatibilities problem, as such it should not be advised as a practice to follow.
